Add CI performance regression test (#3174)
cerbos/cerbos: hack/loadtest/gcp/README.md

│  (e2-standard-4)    │──── TCP 3593 (gRPC) ──────────▶│  (c3-standard-4)     │
│                     │──── TCP 3592 (HTTP/metrics) ──▶│                      │
│  ghz (Nix)          │                                │  Cerbos (native bin) │
│  grpcurl (Nix)      │                                │  /opt/cerbos-loadtest│
│  Prometheus (Docker) │◀── scrape :3592 ──────────────│    /bin/cerbos       │
│  Grafana (Docker)   │                                │    /policies/        │
│  printsummary       │                                │    /conf/            │
│  request data       │                                │  No Docker needed    │
└─────────────────────┘                                └──────────────────────┘
       ▲                                                        ▲
       │ SSH (IAP)                                              │ SSH (IAP)
       └────────── User's local machine ────────────────────────┘
```

## Prerequisites

- `gcloud` CLI installed and authenticated, with a GCP project that has Compute Engine API enabled
- Terraform ~> 1.10.5 (infrastructure provisioning)
- Go installed locally (for `generate.go` and `printsummary` builds)

> - The cerbos repo and [infrastructure repo](https://github.com/cerbos/infrastructure) checked out locally

Reviewer: This is not public
```suggestion
- The cerbos repo and the internal infrastructure repo checked out locally
```
